Contributor Book: Update the "ONNX to Burn" Page (#4229)
tracel-ai/burn: contributor-book/src/guides/onnx-to-burn-conversion-tool.md

6. **Inspect Generated Files**: The `my-model.graph.txt` contains IR details, `my-model.rs` holds
   the Burn model in Rust code, and `my-model.burnpack` contains the model weights.

> 7. **Add End-to-End Test**: Include the test in the `tests/<op_name>/mod.rs` file in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **Integration Test**: Include the test in the `tests/<op_name>/mod.rs` file in the
```
